Add information about lineage permissions to Astro (#877)
astronomer/docs: astro/data-lineage.md

You can use these pages to diagnose issues that may be difficult to troubleshoot in other environments. For example, if an Airflow task failed because a database schema changed, you can use the **Lineage** page on Astro to determine which job caused the change and which downstream tasks failed as a result.

For more information on data lineage and related concepts, see [Data lineage concepts](data-lineage-concepts.md).

:::caution

> All members of your Organization can view the **Lineage** tab regardless of their Workspace permissions. The **Lineage** tab can contain plain-text SQL and Python code from any system that emits lineage data to Astro. If this is a security concern for your organization, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All members of your Astro Organization can view the **Lineage** tab regardless of their Workspace permissions. The **Lineage** tab could contain plain-text SQL and Python code from any system that emits lineage data to Astro. If this is a security concern for your organization, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/).
```

> All members of your Organization can view the **Lineage** tab regardless of their Workspace permissions. The **Lineage** tab can contain plain-text SQL and Python code from any system that you configure to emit lineage data to Astro. If this is a security concern for your organization, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/).

Author: ```suggestion
All members of your Organization can view the **Lineage** tab regardless of their Workspace permissions. The **Lineage** tab can contain plain-text SQL and Python code from any system that emits lineage data to Astro. If this is a security concern for your organization, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io/).
```
